chore(docs): provide clear guidance on DPU configuration for site-controller nodes (#3048)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/getting-started/prerequisites/hardware.md

**Storage layout**: Total local NVMe capacity should be 4 TiB or greater. Mount 1.7 TiB on `/` (root) on the NVMe OS disk (ext4 or xfs) — typical usage is 200–500 GiB. Mount `/var/lib/containerd` and `/var/lib/kubelet` on a separate NVMe data disk (1+ TiB, ext4/xfs, `noatime`). Consider a dedicated `/var/log` if there is heavy logging. Persistent app storage (SAN/NAS, Rook-Ceph) is not required for NICo itself.

### DPUs on Site Controller (Required)

Today, site-controller nodes must have Bluefield-3 DPUs. Ensure the following requirements are met:
- Verify the correct DPU power cable has been ordered from the server vendor.

> - The Bluefield-3's operating mode is DPU mode (not NIC mode). Today, NIC mode is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Site-controller nodes must have Bluefield-3 DPUs. Ensure the following requirements are met:
- You have the correct DPU power cable from the server vendor.
- The Bluefield-3's operating mode is DPU mode. NIC mode is not supported.
```

- For BF3 DPUs, verify link speed and optics: BF3 runs at 200 Gb, so match ports to 200 Gb-capable optics, fiber, or DACs.

> - Verify that the DPU can connect to the outside world (curl -k https://www.google.com)

Reviewer: Use `curl -I` to get a quick connection report (just the HTTP status code and some headers). Also... why not ping NVIDIA instead of Google?
```suggestion
- Verify that the DPU can connect to the outside world (curl -I https://www.nvidia.com)
```

> - Verify that the DPU can connect to the outside world (curl -k https://www.google.com)

Reviewer: I've addressed this in suggestions.

> - The DPUs are at the latest supported firmware version: DOCA 2.9.3 and HBN 2.4.3

Reviewer: Do you want to include these numbers here and have to maintain them, or include links to their release pages instead?

Author: I want to maintain these numbers here. These are the latest versions that our site-install team has verified. There are later fw versions that the BF3 supports (upto 3.4 currently)
